`azurerm_container_group` - Support of `dns_config` (#7912)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/container_group.html.markdown

* `scheme` - (Optional) Scheme to use for connecting to the host. Possible values are `Http` and `Https`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `dns_config` block supports:

> * `nameservers` (Required) A list of nameservers (IPv4 format) for the container to search out to resolve requests
> * `search_domains` (Required) A list of strings that represents the search domains that DNS requests will search along
> * `options` (Required) `ex: ["ndots:2", "someopt:someval"]` A list of strings representing options as documented here: https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man5/resolv.conf.5.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `nameservers` - (Required) A list of nameservers the containers will search out to resolve requests.
* `search_domains` - (Required) A list of search domains that DNS requests will search along.
* `options` - (Required) A list of [resolver configuration options](https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man5/resolv.conf.5.html).
```

Can we modify the wordings and formattings a bit?
